The category relative to the investigation by the committee of
Communist infiltration into the signal for.
My colleagues and my left are probably attention Mr.
Councilor.
Perhaps your question with Mr.
Anderson or the answer is misunderstood.
There's something which is confusing because I think private
shines as a picture that he gave to the staff members at the
colony club a week ago tonight.
You took sure you did your act last weekend so there's some
mix up there's a book and we fly.
How far is Paul?
Ah.
I'm not sure what I, what I gave it to these members of the staff but
I think I gave it to them at the colony.
Mr. Shine, I ask you this one final question I'll be the
next.
You say that George and Masters is the member of the
McCarthy's staff.
Yes sir.
You know him and you know him well and you worked with him for
months.
That's correct didn't it?
Well I would say I worked with him for months sir but I have
worked with him sir.
Yes sir.
Now why do you now tell this committee again?
And we're even paying him to the office this is the
certainly photograph.
Yes sir.
You say he were with the gentleman we can go tonight with a
photograph of the colony rest and as I just do the
message that you did not remember whether George and Masters
was there or not.
And you say that you had it comparatively easy for the
last week or 10 days.
I don't say that so.
All right I don't think that's right.
Do you now tell this committee that you do not remember whether
or not on last Thursday night it's the colony
rest and George and Masters was present.
You want me to give you the exact day sir and the exact
individual transfer.
No.
It was like very denied we understand the dreams.
Is it about that?
Yes sir.
The whole way around.
When was it?
I have no pencil in my hand sir.
I have no notes here.
What about the letters of blank fan?
I've been trying to answer your questions as quickly as you ask
them and if somebody will lend me a pencil.
Thank you.
I will try to figure out one of what.
Who's that please?
That has number one.
All right sir.
And here's a calendar.
If you need one, we'll you pay that calendar.
I have the dates.
Today is 20 minutes or so.
Do you know the dates sir?
Mr. Jenkins do you know the dates?
Mr. Shine.
I'm not all the witness.
I am.
Well I'm just asking you if you know the dates.
I'm not in.
I'm trying to figure out the dates sir.
29th I believe.
Right?
29th.
Yes sir.
That's what I thought was.
You ready?
I'm ready.
Five at G David Shine having been supplied with the fact that this is April 29th is now
figuring back with the note pad and pencil as to whether he is meeting with members of the McCarthy Subcommittee staff
of the colony restaurant here in Washington was last Thursday night or last Friday night.
Chair would like to let the private scientist you may have what I must think of what he's now.
Well, I'll find a sign of thinking what it would be proper to ask if the record you made clear of this time that
he's the chair and our council notified me that private time will be a witness.
I think that's because the ordinary courtesy in the future knew the fact that members might staff and accused of misconduct.
I believe that I should have at least five or ten minutes notice of who the makes witness will be.
It's the courtesy which you extend and the court just one we always extend this committee.
And we have a ruling from the chair and we have to be proceeding with the chair.
The chair will end everything to be best.
May I just make the record clear also that I was with the chair and I was with Mr. Jenkins up until sometime after two o'clock this afternoon.
And I think it's very unfortunate that I not be notified.
I believe the proposal calls.
I know there is no intention of doing anything wrong in the part of council.
But if we could have an understanding of the contract appreciated very much.
Chair is fairly certain that council did not know much more before ten or fifteen minutes before 50 standards called
because we discussed the matter after I arrived in the committee room when I came in to the committee room I was not sure then whether it's actually case.
He was just going to continue whether we were going to have another witness.
I did not know there was going to be Mr. Shine, a private shine until he was called.
I agree.
I have a shine.
Sure.
You see the questions have been coming on me very rapidly sir.
And I don't know just one significant is to be placed on the days or the days.
So when it was suggested to me by Senator McClellan that I was with the colony on Thursday.
I believe that he must have had reason to think I was there and I did not doubt that reason.
But as I look at the calendar and try and ascertain the exact date and as I sit back and have had the opportunity to think about the individual's present.
I believe I can tell you that the day was Monday that it was the 26th of April.
And that Mr. Carr and Mr. Cone, Mr. Juliano, were the only members of the staff of the present that Mr. Hanna says was not present.
Then it was on Monday of this week.
Yes sir.
Which was three days ago, yesterday, in the 29th.
So, only three days of the last time.
Right from the caucus room of the Senate office building in Washington.
What is that with sir?
Well, we're getting together, you know, I want to mean that as the colony residents on Thursday, Monday, 9th of this week.
I thought you meant the assembly of the material.
And three days of the last now since the assembly of the new persons occurred. That's right, isn't it?
That's the particular meeting.
Yes sir.
And that is the meeting at which you have this picture of the Senator McCarthy, you know, the members of the staff.
That's right.
I believe it was there.
Now Mr. Shine, it was your answer was it not while ago.
He was a little, a while ago, in response to a question by Senator McClelland, that you did not remember whether or not George and Masters was present as that meeting.
I'm a writer, I'm a role.
Frankly sir, I wasn't until just a few minutes ago focused upon a specific meeting.
I thought that Senator McClelland was trying to ascertain when he asked his question as to whether the photograph I handed to the staff at the colony restaurant.
It was the same photograph that I had been in, that was taken in McGuire Airport.
I didn't know that the date of the meeting was so significant.
Well, we think it is.
It is.
That's right.
So I had not focused on any particular date.
And if you have one of the orders, just an account.
I think the personnel's been supposed to be, you know, keep the record clear.
Roughly how many nights this young man has had his dinner at the colony, so you realize the difficulty of focusing on anyone particular night,
and telling you who is there and any particular night.
Senator of course has rights right now, that's all.
That's all you might want to say.
Mr. Shion, do I understand that since you have been back up here from Camp Barton, you have met at the Coliseum Restorant,
with members to staff on other nights.
I have met them in a number of different places there, and several...
No colony clubs.
Yes sir, the colony restaurant.
Well all right, a number of nights since you have been back from Camp Barton, I have come over there sir, to meet with them there sir.
Have you met with the members of the staff whom you've named at the Coliseum Restorant, on any other occasions, since you have been in Washington or its environs, from Camp Barton in connection with this investigation,
at which time you have any photographs with you?
No sir, then.
I'm working point of order now.
I will ask the chair, to do this my question.
I will ask the chair to call upon Mr. Stevens, and those in the military who have the information to give the chair under hold.
The information that the other in private shine and others connected to this investigation have been under CID surveillance.
If so, who authorized how many individuals are involved in that surveillance?
By CID you understand what I mean, I assume it's a term, and I think that's a very important point that should be covered now.
I think we should order the secretary to produce the people who can give that information under hold.
Mr. Chairman, before I get to go.
Well, I may say this is not a very good question.
I'm not asking you to ask the question, I'm asking you to come to him, just to anyone.
Well, Mr. Stevens, I am probably, does not know what the agenda should be, but to not.
Mr. Chairman, this is not a quick recrusting idly, ma'am.
I think the chair would want to know whether the civilians in the front of gun are spending money and how many people think the CID have been employed in investigation surveillance, and anyone think of this investigation.
Mr. Chairman, that's no matter about which the secretary and other personnel may be examined later, of course, and send him.
If he doesn't get fired, like he would do today.
Mr. Chairman, I think the chair is a private child, he's not a composite witness on that point.
Mr. Chairman, I didn't ask the chair to interrogate part of China, ma'am.
I asked the chairman of this committee to order that information produced.
If he does not have a plan to do it through cost examination of the civilians in the military, don't get fired before I can ask him a question.
The perfectly proper thing may happen, but I think we should already have the time.
There is the question, be we, then.
I was, I was a president, at least, three meetings at the Comedy Restaurant during the past several days.
I think that after the hearings, the staff have met with you, at other times, I believe, the executive sessions have been held.
Sometimes they've asked me to meet them with the Senate office filling.
Sometimes other places, on at least three occasions, they asked me to meet them eight, nine, ten o'clock at night while they were eating.
All right, but you say you were present with members of the staff at the Comedy Restaurant, all only one occasion when you talk with your photograph is that right?
How did you say that? I'm over the goal.
Yes, sir. You're on the photograph.
All right, stay well.
And that person on Monday night of this week's 26th day of April is that correct?
I believe it was, sir.
You are the scientist. You are the student of the Senate of the Southern Space, do you think you're not?
I would not say that I did.
Well, because he asked me about whether or not this picture was the famous, the one that hung on my wall, at least that's what I thought he asked me.
And now it seems that the day that I gave it to the staff is the question.
That is not whether they were the same.
No, apparently I just understand the question.
Didn't understand.
It was an assembly of elements.
The shadow did not understand the senator McClellan was asking you.
I thought I was meeting between you and those are members of the staff at the Comedy Restaurant, at which time there was a photograph.
Didn't you understand that?
I understand.
And there was no limitation of that as Monday night of this week.
That's correct.
What you meant was that.
I don't know.
And did you tell Senator McClellan in direct response to a direct question to the ask?
Do we?
Well, they're not.
You've now delivered three days ago.
You're one time a face of George and Max.
This was person asking you, maybe you didn't remember.
Mr. Chairman, a point of order.
He stated he did not remember whether George and Max was there last Friday night.
The council has now asked me about Monday night.
Let's be fair with this young man.
I'll start with no notice used to be called.
May I ask if I could write a little bit of a point of order?
No, I'm just a point of order.
Let's have it clear here.
This young man was picked up.
He's out on the business there and chair and structurally be on to be questioned about the authenticity of this photograph with him and Steven.
Mr. McClellan was asking him about a meeting of dinner Friday night at the county.
Somebody else asked him about dinner Thursday night.
Now that he's still in I think it's completely unfair, right?
You say to him, you told Mr. McClellan you didn't know who was with you Monday night.
He did not.
He told Mr. McClellan he didn't know who was with him Friday night.
He was asking me if he could sleep, said he was asked if he was with me.
I'm asking him now.
You're still better than everyone else on the witness himself.
Mr. McClellan was asking you about a meeting at the county restaurant where they pulled off the space.
You've got what's on the microphone, and you're still alive.
That's what I understood.
And if you have now 10 points a day to spend tonight of this week.
I believe it, for sure.
Mr. Chairman.
You have a point of order?
Yes.
I, as your counsel's word for it, needs to be only discussed this photograph of Steven's and Cheyenne.
For that reason I didn't do any other meetings at the county restaurant or elsewhere.
I think we should make it clear now that we're going to interrogate Mr. Cheyenne about what color I stream.
I think that he was thinking on that occasion.
He volunteered in the certain nights.
Who was with him very nice last week.
That we've opened the door far beyond the picture and it comes my turn to question him.
I will do exactly as counsel is doing.
I did not ask him about the color of I stream.
He was thinking on that occasion.
Yes, sir.
You have stated that Senator McLellan asked you about a meeting at the Colony of Restaurants.
That's what jakeful the graph was present.
Your reply was that you did not remember whether George and Masters was back.
I now ask you this question.
State whether or not on Monday evening.
Out this week for the 26th day of April, there was a meeting between you and other members
who was there for the Colony of Restaurants here in the city of Washington.
At which time you brought the fuller graphs with your packet now held before you.
And I ask you whether or not on that occasion George and Masters was present.
Sir, I believe it was Monday night and I just want to leave the George and Masters was present.
Why did you fail a minute or a minute a little while ago that he didn't recall when he was present or not?
I didn't because I wasn't thought of all that it was also.
And why did you fail me now that you believe he was present?
Because since I was first asked the question where I should give a few minutes to, I'll regret my memory.
Can you please get your nose?
Well, the present is really much more present.
And we can do it.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman is at front of a road in the respect you and I know you and the last things we're in time to announce you're now without any interruptions and acts as a ball.
Now tell me I sure will write it a little more.
I have the question in the end now when you say yes George and Masters was present.
How would you say no he was on present?
That three George and I have to go about with you six times this time.
All I can say is that I do not believe he was present.
You see I didn't have the picture of George and Masters and I do not believe he was there.
But you won't believe that because we won't wear the other.
Is that it?
That's not possible to be down to the night.
And judge the way you hold your testimony in the life of your life.
Is that right?
Well, sir, I...
I wasn't paying particular attention to which members of the staff were present.
I sat down at one end of the table and pulled out whatever they'd asked me to bring.
It was at the close of the dinner and I would not say definitely whether George and Masters was there or not.
But I would say that I'd be willing to confess you all the way back.
I don't think it wasn't there.
But Mr. Jackson, this now final question.
You are present and to believe it is it is.
To leave your answer is it is.
And for these seven men on this committee, the judge of the weight of the testimony
and the degree of weight they will attach to it.
Mr. Chairman.
The life of the life that you've made your commitment.
The life of the committee.
Mr. Chairman.
The point of order is to consider one of orders.
The point of order, Mr. Chairman.
I feel it's your seventh of order.
So thank you.
The point of order, please.
Count, I know what's needed.
Yes, I did a very important point of order.
Mr. Chairman.
I think in view of the fact that Mr. Chine was all here without warning.
Notified that his testimony would only concern the photograph of Stevens.
He's a private in the Army.
He isn't flanked with counsel.
When the Secretary of the Army was asked about charges that he delivered they made.
And righting months ago, there was no criticism at all.
When he said, I've got to go back to night and think it over.
Even those material subject to be charged.
I think this abuse of the private who's just here alone with no warning is completely improper.
I think counsel is making a very improper spectacle.
I'm not satisfied with the American people who are watching to judge the difference between the treatment of private chines without counsel, without warning.
And the Secretary of the Army, Stevens, who has given him a chance to meet real.
Let me finish my point of order.
Give him overnight, one request.
No criticism at all. No abuse.
He's allowed to go home and figure out a statement by consulting with his counsel.
I think it's a very unfair and proper thing to do.
Maybe it will serve a purpose because the American people are watching this spectacle.
Chair, Mr. Chine and the U. considers that I have abused you the same way.
In any way or to any degree.
I was saying so, but I am trying to cooperate with you.
Would you like me to finish this?
I would like to have that answer my question first.
I would say so, but I have decided to answer all of your questions.
No, I didn't ask you that.
Sir, I'm in the process of answering your questions.
It is the new consideration that I've abused you in any way or any degree.
You say it in the most examining.
Sir, I have tried to answer all of your questions.
The best of my ability.
You've been firing at them very rapidly.
And by the things I can try to answer them either rapidly or with time to consider more exactly.
The specific that you're seeking.
As to whether you've abused me or not.
I can say to you that if you are abused me.
Well, it doesn't bother me.
Well, well, you're there.
I'll propose, Mr. Chine, that we take it slowly and easily.
I will ask you the same question that I ask you again.
You have been asked about the meeting at the Colony restaurant.
Monday night of this week, which time you bought the photograph, which you now have before you.
You were followed as further and often.
George and I, this was present.
Your answer was that, as I recall, you were not definitely sure one way.
The other that you certainly would not give a positive, yes, I'm sure I have positive no answer.
He is asking me.
Yes, sir.
This was not a meeting as much.
The members of the staff were there eating very late in the evening.
And I came in and went to one end of the table and sat down to talk with Mr. Colony and Mr. Carr.
And everybody left very shortly thereafter.
I didn't say much, that's for sure.
Now, Mr. Chine, are you consent to leave your answer as it is?
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
And for this committee to appoint a vote, there's a way that it's requested.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask Mr. Colony in the lives of the lives that you've made.
Mr. Chairman, are you so content?
One of our, Mr. Chairman.
I want to make a very strong point of order that this is the most improper exhibition I have ever seen.
You have a lawyer here who brings about things one of the greatest criminal lawyers in the country,
who has been badgering this private.
He has told him ten times now, but he doesn't know whether or not George and Asus was there,
but to the best of his recollections, and Asus was not there.
He can't get anything further by badgering this army pipe.
I think it's in DC, and I think the chair should condemn it.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Council is proceeding with complete propriety during the same thing in a Turkey way.
Is this with us?
Our question of the Chairman is, Mr. Chairman.
The question of the Chairman is, could you decide that he wants to have time to think it over with?
And to see this is a big, should we rest time?
The committee will give him the same consideration.
The question of the Chairman that I've all heard, is the overalls of the point of order.
I want to ask, was the question of Mr. American, wants me to make a rest time,
and I'll wait a little bit.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I request them the form of point of order.
May I ask now for my future information.
How many times?
How long will this question re-ask?
How many times have I asked over before it gets to be badgering?
These answers now about the...
The Council continues to ask questions that we have.
Until we think the other thoughts that every possible idea of forgetting everything is information that they ask.
I will discontinue the questioning of this witness when I get an answer.
And allowing him to make this further statement.
It was stated by Senator McCarthy just now, publicly, that Council for this committee,
bright about being a great, come-to-lawier, other greatest in the country, or in Tennessee.
The senator was never more all in his life.
I'm begging about one thing and one thing only.
And that is, to the best of my ability, I am pursuing this investigation
in order to develop the facts,
let the chips fall where they will, and regardless of personalities.
That's all that I'm breaking about.
And I break about it.
Now, Mr. Shine, if you will give me an answer to this question,
yes or no, I shall have finished with you.
And I can ask you.
And I'll get just in the most gentle tones of which I am capable of.
You were asked whether or not you attended the meeting at the Colony Restor.
At which time you and other members of the committee were present.
At which time you paired with you a photograph, which you have exhibited.
And your answer was in the affirmative.
You further answered that it occurred on Monday night the 26th day of this month.
And you were further asked if George and I were the one who you say you were known for months.
It was present on Monday, Jesus.
And who is likewise the members of the committee?
And your desire was that you refused to state definitely whether he was there or whether he wasn't a non-knowess.
Are you contained to allow this investigating committee to evaluate your testimony?
Given here to be in the light of your refusal to say whether a match just was present Monday night or not.
Are you or not?
The committee sir, as far as I can say, will judge me not merely by the testimony of a few minutes by my entire testimony.
They wish to judge my credibility by questions about dates.
I have no way of stopping them sir and I'm certainly content that they do that.
And you were given the opportunity to have counsel give the same.
I was told when I was called to this room that I would be asked about the photograph that I was taken in the choir of Air Force Base.
And I was given about five minutes notice to refresh my memory on the matter of the photograph taken in the choir of Air Force Base.
I was not told that I would be asked about anything else sir. Do you now desire counsel?
I think sir that at least I should talk to counsel about whether I should have counsel or not sir.
Mr. Chairman, in view of that answer, I think it would be his to offer an unbearable to pursue this close examination of others.
And I shall not do so until private time has determined whether or not he desires counsel's presence.
Chair has a question to ask and sure on which he will not require counsel has to do with the two photographs which the chair did not have an opportunity to examine except from the rear up until the very solidly has given him ample time to do so.
We will hold those two photographs to try to sign and so that you can see them and so that Mr. Wolves can also see them.
I want to be sure that what I ask is correct. Mr. Wolves will correct me if I am wrong.
There has been some testimony up to now about there being two different tricks because of a difference of the left where a hand in an arm had been deleted from one picture
and included in the other. And the difference in the insignia at the right I ask you to try the signs to look at the bottom of the big picture.
And Mr. Wolves will look at the bottom of the big picture.
Tell me whether I am right or wrong in the fact that in the big picture the bottom of the colonel Bradley's coat looks to be a couple of inches on the big picture.
Tell me whether I am right or wrong in the big picture from the bottom of the ground from the top of the ground.